Employee Dashboard Project Documentation

Project Overview
The Employee Dashboard is a web application that allows users to add, view, and delete employee information. It features a form for inputting employee details, a display area for showing added employees, and error handling for invalid input.

Technologies Used
HTML: Structure and content of the web page.
CSS: Styling and layout of the page.
JavaScript: Interactivity and dynamic content management.
Project Structure
bash
Copy code
/project-root
│
├── index.html
├── style.css
└── script.js
index.html
The main HTML file that defines the structure of the Employee Dashboard.

style.css
The CSS file used for styling the HTML elements.

script.js
The JavaScript file that handles the logic for adding, displaying, and deleting employees.

Setup Instructions
Clone the Repository

bash
Copy code
git clone <repository-url>
cd <repository-folder>
Open index.html

Open index.html in your preferred web browser to view the Employee Dashboard.

Usage
Add an Employee

Enter the employee's name, profession, and age into the respective input fields.
Click the "Add User" button to add the employee.
Success or error messages will be displayed accordingly.
View Employees

Added employees will be displayed in the "Added Employees" section.
Delete an Employee

Click the "Delete User" button next to the employee you want to remove.
The employee will be removed from the list.
Code Explanation
index.html
Defines the structure of the dashboard, including:

Input fields for employee details.
Buttons for adding employees.
Sections for displaying messages and employee lists.
style.css
Contains styles for the dashboard, including:

Universal Styles: Applied to all elements for consistency.
Header Styles: Adjusted font and margins for headers.
Form Layout: Flexbox for form alignment.
Column Layout: Width and padding for input columns.
Input Styles: Styling for input fields.
Button Styles: Styling for buttons, including hover effects.
Error Message Styles: Different styles for success and error messages.
Employee List Styles: Layout and styling for employee entries.
script.js
Handles the functionality of the dashboard:

Event Listener: Listens for clicks on the "Add User" button to add employees.
Validation: Checks if all input fields are filled before adding an employee.
Employee Management: Adds new employees to an array, displays them, and handles deletion.
Display Function: Updates the employee list and count on the page.
Delete Function: Removes employees from the list based on their ID.
Future Improvements
Form Validation: Enhance form validation to include more robust checks.
Responsive Design: Improve layout for better responsiveness on different devices.
Persistent Storage: Implement local storage or backend integration to persist employee data.